org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#74#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown