org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration