org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1006#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveInputStream.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveInputStream.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveInputStream.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1010#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveInputStream.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#74#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown