org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CRC32VerifyingInputStream.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CRC32VerifyingInputStream.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SubStreamsInfo.java#23#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Archive.java#22#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/StartHeader.java#20#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/LZMA2Decoder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/LZMA2Decoder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/LZMA2Decoder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/LZMA2Decoder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coder.java#20#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#23#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#651#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZOutputFile.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/StreamMap.java#21#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#121#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#134#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#147#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#84#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#93#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#105#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/LZMA2Decoder.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#76#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZArchiveEntry.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement