org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZMethod.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coders.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coder.java#20#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Coder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#23#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Folder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/StartHeader.java#20#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/Archive.java#22#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/BoundedRandomAccessFileInputStream.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CRC32VerifyingInputStream.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CRC32VerifyingInputStream.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ChecksumVerifyingInputStream.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration