org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement