org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1052#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveOutputStream.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/CountingOutputStream.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1006#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1008#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#996#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#47#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement