org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement