org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveException.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveException.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveInputStream.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveInputStream.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveInputStream.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/arj/ArjArchiveInputStream.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/sevenz/SevenZFile.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/dump/DumpArchiveUtil.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveInputStream.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1010#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement