org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/NioZipEncoding.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#49#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Simple8BitZipEncoding.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodeCommentExtraField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodeCommentExtraField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodeCommentExtraField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveOutputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation