org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#29#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnrecognizedExtraField.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#996#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#1009#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment