org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1008#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1048#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1051#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1052#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#105#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement