com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/BufferRecycler.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/BufferRecycler.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/BufferRecycler.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/BufferRecycler.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/BufferRecycler.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/BufferRecycler.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/core/util/TextBuffer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration