org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#168#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement