org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1048#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1076#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1077#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#43#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement