org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/DocumentType.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#337#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement