org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#43#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement