org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#67#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#77#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#98#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#119#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#137#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#181#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#212#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#231#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#244#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#288#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#299#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#310#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#348#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#366#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#378#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#417#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#427#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#437#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#464#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#492#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#523#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#539#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#552#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#593#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#622#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#649#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#676#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#706#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#717#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#746#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#789#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#830#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#874#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#921#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#951#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#981#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1028#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1057#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1076#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1088#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1106#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1134#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1162#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1184#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1207#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1268#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1291#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1324#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1358#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1384#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1423#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1459#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1487#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1515#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1552#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1588#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1627#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1663#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1691#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1719#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1745#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1763#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#13#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#165#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#194#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#245#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#785#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#804#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#903#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#939#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#974#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1029#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1089#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1150#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1207#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1295#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1313#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1341#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1387#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1411#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1427#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1444#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#244#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#6#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#7#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1240#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#337#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#42#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#244#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1081#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1076#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#47#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement