org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#47#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration