org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EmptyStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EmptyStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement