org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1088#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/FormElement.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#775#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#794#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#894#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#931#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#966#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1021#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1081#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1142#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1199#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#645#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1102#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#8#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#9#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#687#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#33#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#44#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#69#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#79#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#732#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#780#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#810#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#840#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#888#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#918#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#937#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#950#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#968#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#996#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1024#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1046#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1069#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1287#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1305#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1333#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1379#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1403#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1419#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1436#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1130#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1157#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1192#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1227#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1253#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1293#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1330#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1358#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1386#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1424#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1461#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1501#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1538#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1566#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1594#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1621#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1639#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#12#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#11#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1481#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#35#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#64#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#92#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#164#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#193#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#244#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#139#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#183#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#216#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#235#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#248#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#294#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#305#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#316#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#321#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#339#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#351#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#356#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#366#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#376#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#403#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#431#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#462#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#478#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#491#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#496#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#501#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#528#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#555#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#585#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#596#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#601#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#407#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#224#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#318#unknown
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#318#unknown
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#13#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#68#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#201#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#19#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement