org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#13#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#69#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#19#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#213#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement