org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/HttpConnection.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration