org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#15#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#220#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#21#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#13#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#69#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/CombiningEvaluator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement