org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#13#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#280#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#30#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement