org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/XmlDeclaration.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DataUtil.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/DataNode.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#154#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement