org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#13#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#30#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#284#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration