org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#77#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/internal/Normalizer.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#298#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#30#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration