org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1076#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#7#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/Normalizer.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#386#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#32#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration