org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#24#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/Normalizer.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#16#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#385#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#8#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#25#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement