org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#302#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#302#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1216#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1310#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1328#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1356#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1404#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1428#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1444#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1461#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1501#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#71#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#99#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#171#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#200#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#251#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#788#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#807#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#907#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#944#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#979#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1035#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1097#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1160#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#883#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#903#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#916#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#935#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#963#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#991#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1013#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1036#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1097#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1124#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1159#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1194#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1222#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1262#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1299#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1327#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1355#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1393#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1430#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1470#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1507#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1535#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1563#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1590#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1608#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1069#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#8#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#9#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#33#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#39#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#64#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#69#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#74#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#79#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#97#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#123#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#141#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#181#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#213#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#259#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#270#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#275#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#280#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#298#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#303#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#308#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#318#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#328#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#355#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#383#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#414#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#430#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#443#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#448#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#453#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#480#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#507#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#537#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#548#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#553#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#600#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#644#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#689#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#738#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#771#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#804#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#853#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#567#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#386#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#386#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#373#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/NodeUtils.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/NodeUtils.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#8#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#25#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/internal/Normalizer.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#16#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#385#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement