org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#71#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#99#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#171#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#200#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#251#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#788#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#807#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#907#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#944#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#979#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1035#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1097#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1160#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1216#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1310#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1328#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1356#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1404#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1428#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1444#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1461#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#unknown
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1501#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#548#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#553#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#600#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1069#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#8#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#9#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#644#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#689#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#738#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#771#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#804#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#853#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#883#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#903#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#916#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#935#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#963#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#991#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1013#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1036#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1097#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1124#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1159#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1194#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1222#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1262#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1299#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1327#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1355#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1393#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1430#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1470#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1507#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1535#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1563#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1590#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1608#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#33#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#39#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#64#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#69#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#74#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#79#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#97#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#123#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#141#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#181#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#213#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#259#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#270#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#275#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#280#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#298#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#303#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#308#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#318#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#328#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#355#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#383#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#414#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#430#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#443#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#448#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#453#unknown
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#480#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#507#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#537#unknown
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#386#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#386#unknown
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#25#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/Normalizer.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#16#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#385#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration