org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeFilter.java#30#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#24#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/NodeUtils.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/NodeUtils.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#8#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/Normalizer.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#16#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#398#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/internal/StringUtil.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#25#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement