org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration