org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration