org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#1763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#268#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/AggregateTranslator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/AggregateTranslator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/AggregateTranslator.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#145#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringEscapeUtils.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/EntityArrays.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/OctalUnescaper.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/OctalUnescaper.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/UnicodeEscaper.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/UnicodeUnescaper.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/UnicodeEscaper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/UnicodeEscaper.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/UnicodeEscaper.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/UnicodeEscaper.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/UnicodeEscaper.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/NumericEntityUnescaper.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CodePointTranslator.java#29#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration