org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#1115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrMatcher.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/text/StrBuilder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement