org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#37#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#47#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#57#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#62#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#67#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#72#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/JavaVersion.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/SystemUtils.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/StringUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/NumberUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration