org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Sets.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/SuperTypesLastSorter.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializationReport.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldCopier.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldCopier.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldCopier.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldCopier.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/LenientCopyTool.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoException.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/ConditionalStackTraceFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/ConditionalStackTraceFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/ConditionalStackTraceFilter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/ConditionalStackTraceFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/ConditionalStackTraceFilter.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/Plugins.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleaner.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ObjenesisInstantiator.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#5#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#53#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ObjenesisInstantiator.java#6#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ObjenesisInstantiator.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#7#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#2286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#27#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#24#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#34#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#62#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#52#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#71#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#26#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#36#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#163#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#33#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/Matchers.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#41#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#48#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#54#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockitoAnnotationsMockAnnotationProcessor.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#28#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#40#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/CaptorAnnotationProcessor.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#60#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#56#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#7#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#54#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/Plugins.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Iterables.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/Plugins.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Iterables.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/DefaultPluginSwitch.java#5#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Iterables.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Sets.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#32#unknown