org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java#60#unknown
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AcrossJVMSerializationFeature.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#7#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleaner.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#28#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#39#unknown
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockitoAnnotationsMockAnnotationProcessor.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/CaptorAnnotationProcessor.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#59#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#133#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Sets.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#32#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#53#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AcrossJVMSerializationFeature.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AcrossJVMSerializationFeature.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AcrossJVMSerializationFeature.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AcrossJVMSerializationFeature.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AcrossJVMSerializationFeature.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AcrossJVMSerializationFeature.java#414#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#2209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#27#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#24#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#52#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#71#unknown
org/mockito/Matchers.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#34#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#32#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#25#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#40#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#62#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/Mockito.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1077#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#36#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#37#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#48#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#54#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#49#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#56#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement