org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#64#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#559#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/GenericMetadataSupport.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#7#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleaner.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#53#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#2161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#27#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#34#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#71#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#25#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#52#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#38#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#62#unknown
org/mockito/Mockito.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#36#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#32#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#37#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#48#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#42#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#44#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#58#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/CglibMockMaker.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/StubInfoImpl.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/StubInfoImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/StubInfoImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java#60#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement