org/mockito/exceptions/verification/WantedButNotInvoked.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/WantedButNotInvoked.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/exceptions/verification/WantedButNotInvoked.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoAssertionError.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoAssertionError.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoAssertionError.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoAssertionError.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/exceptions/base/MockitoAssertionError.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1006#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#10#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#35#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#40#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#72#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#63#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#53#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#44#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#26#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#33#unknown
org/mockito/Matchers.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#35#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#48#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#56#unknown
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#38#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationModeFactory.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#139#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#65#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java#58#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement