org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FrameworkUsageValidator.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FrameworkUsageValidator.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FrameworkUsageValidator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FrameworkUsageValidator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FrameworkUsageValidator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FrameworkUsageValidator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/runners/MockitoJUnitRunner.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/FrameworkUsageValidator.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/RunnerFactory.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/runners/util/RunnerProvider.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/runners/JUnit45AndHigherRunnerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#26#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldInitializer.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/BeanPropertySetter.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#52#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#62#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#10#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#32#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#71#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#34#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#36#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#38#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#25#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#26#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#39#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Matchers.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#46#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#47#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement