org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/ArgumentMatchingTool.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/ArgumentMatchingTool.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/ArgumentMatchingTool.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/ArgumentMatchingTool.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/ArgumentMatchingTool.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/argumentmatching/ArgumentMatchingTool.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationModeFactory.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#138#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#64#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#47#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#52#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#62#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#71#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#32#unknown
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#34#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#7#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#36#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#38#unknown
org/mockito/Matchers.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#39#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#25#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java#57#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#28#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#10#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#46#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement