org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ArrayUtils.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ArrayUtils.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Matchers.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/MissingInvocationChecker.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/Mockito.java#2111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentCaptor.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/CapturingMatcher.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationModeFactory.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/ListUtil.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationDataImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationsFinder.java#149#unknown
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java#60#unknown
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Any.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsMockWrapper.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/Answers.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#86#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/checkers/NumberOfInvocationsChecker.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/LocationImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/StackTraceFilter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleaner.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/Plugins.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/SpyOnInjectedFieldsHandler.java#28#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/FinalMockCandidateFilter.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#60#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockitoAnnotationsMockAnnotationProcessor.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/PropertyAndSetterInjection.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#40#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Sets.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/TypeBasedCandidateFilter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/CaptorAnnotationProcessor.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultInjectionEngine.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/filter/NameBasedCandidateFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/ConstructorInjection.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/InjectMocksScanner.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjectionStrategy.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/MockInjection.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/HashCodeAndEqualsSafeSet.java#32#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Checks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ObjenesisInstantiator.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#53#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/DefaultRegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#5#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerFactory.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/util/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ObjenesisInstantiator.java#6#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#23#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/ObjenesisInstantiator.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/instance/InstantiatorProvider.java#7#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockCreationValidator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#27#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/settings/CreationSettings.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#2380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#24#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/mock/SerializableMode.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Matchers.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#26#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#41#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#33#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#34#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#62#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#52#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#71#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/Answers.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#36#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsDeepStubs.java#163#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Answers.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#48#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#53#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/Plugins.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#54#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#56#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Iterables.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/Plugins.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/stacktrace/DefaultStackTraceCleanerProvider.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/DefaultPluginSwitch.java#5#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginRegistry.java#7#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Iterables.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginFinder.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/collections/Iterables.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/plugins/PluginLoader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/InvocationNotifierHandler.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/MockHandlerImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/MockAwareVerificationMode.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMarker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Matchers.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/MockAnnotationProcessor.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/FieldSetter.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/injection/scanner/MockScanner.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockNameImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equality.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/reflection/AccessibilityChanger.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equality.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/handler/NullResultGuardian.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/MethodInfo.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsProcessor.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement