org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#64#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#38#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#47#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#55#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/SpyAnnotationEngine.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#21#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/InjectingAnnotationEngine.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#28#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#10#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#46#unknown
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration