org/mockito/internal/matchers/AnyVararg.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/matchers/AnyVararg.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Matchers.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/AnyVararg.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/ArrayEquals.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/SerializableMethod.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java#57#unknown
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#7#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/Returns.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/Returns.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/Returns.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/Returns.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/Returns.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/ConsecutiveStubbing.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/ConsecutiveStubbing.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/ConsecutiveStubbing.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/StubInfo.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/StubInfo.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/StubInfo.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#33#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#44#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#32#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#51#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#38#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/Matchers.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#26#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#10#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/StubbedInvocationMatcher.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/AnswersValidator.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/InvocationContainerImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ListUtil.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#64#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/Primitives.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/ArgumentsComparator.java#14#unknown
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement