org/mockito/Matchers.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/InstanceOf.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Same.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/Matchers.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/HandyReturnValues.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/LocalizedMatcher.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Matchers.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/VerificationModeFactory.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/Times.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Localized.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/matchers/Equals.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/ArgumentMatcher.java#62#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/BaseStubbing.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/OngoingStubbingImpl.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMockitoMethodProxy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/FilteredCGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#9#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/realmethod/CGLIBProxyRealMethod.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/SequenceNumber.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#7#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/AbstractMockitoMethodProxy.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/DelegatingMethod.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/InvocationMatcher.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/Invocation.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/debugging/Location.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/exceptions/base/StackTraceFilter.java#12#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#34#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/verification/RegisteredInvocations.java#17#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#18#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/ObjectMethodsGuru.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/mockito/internal/invocation/MatchersBinder.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MethodInterceptorFilter.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockName.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/CGLIBHacker.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SerializableNoOp.java#8#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/SearchingClassLoader.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/MockitoStubber.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockHandler.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/cglib/MockitoNamingPolicy.java#9#unknown
org/mockito/internal/creation/jmock/ClassImposterizer.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/creation/MockSettingsImpl.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#26#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/GloballyConfiguredAnswer.java#19#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsSmartNulls.java#37#unknown
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMocks.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsEmptyValues.java#50#unknown
org/mockito/Mockito.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Mockito.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/answers/CallsRealMethods.java#30#unknown
org/mockito/Mockito.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/mockito/internal/stubbing/defaultanswers/ReturnsMoreEmptyValues.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/internal/MockitoCore.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/Matchers.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/CreationValidator.java#11#unknown
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/util/MockUtil.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#22#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/debugging/DebuggingInfo.java#15#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/configuration/DefaultMockitoConfiguration.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/DefaultAnnotationEngine.java#20#unknown
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#16#unknown
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ArgumentMatcherStorageImpl.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#10#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/GlobalConfiguration.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/mockito/exceptions/Reporter.java#43#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/mockito/internal/progress/MockingProgressImpl.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/mockito/internal/progress/ThreadSafeMockingProgress.java#13#unknown
org/mockito/MockitoAnnotations.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/mockito/internal/configuration/ClassPathLoader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/mockito/Mockito.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement