org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/HypergeometricDistribution.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration