org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#481#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#37#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#59#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#1049#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/SparseRealVector.java#25#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement