org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3787#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3711#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3750#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3754#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#80#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment