org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/TooManyEvaluationsException.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MaxCountExceededException.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/TooManyEvaluationsException.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/TooManyEvaluationsException.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#74#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#41#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#48#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#62#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#68#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation