org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration