org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3791#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3809#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#80#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractStorelessUnivariateStatistic.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfSquares.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Max.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/rank/Min.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/Sum.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/AbstractUnivariateStatistic.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/summary/SumOfLogs.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/SecondMoment.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/FirstMoment.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Mean.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/GeometricMean.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3750#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3754#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3787#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3711#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment