org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#44#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateRealSolver.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventHandler.java#53#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventHandler.java#60#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventHandler.java#69#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventHandler.java#79#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventHandler.java#86#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#41#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#48#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#62#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#68#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#74#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3791#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3809#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3750#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3754#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3787#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3711#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/EquationsMapper.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration