org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#2337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#2334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#2973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#270#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1048#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement