org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3D.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/geometry/Vector3DFormat.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement