org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#2220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#2243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#2244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#2245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#44#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MultidimensionalCounter.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#245#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#996#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1008#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement