org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#996#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1010#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#79#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#833#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#881#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1088#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1093#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1077#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3777#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3793#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunction.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunction.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunction.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunction.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateOptimizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleBounds.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GoalType.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GoalType.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GoalType.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/InitialGuess.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/InitialGuess.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/InitialGuess.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/InitialGuess.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#221#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#206#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/MultiDirectionalSimplex.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#89#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointValuePair.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealLinearOperator.java#53#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#51#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleValueChecker.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#1159#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#60#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/AbstractSimplex.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/NelderMeadSimplex.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sinc.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#41#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#65#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SimpleUnivariateValueChecker.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateSolver.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateSolver.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#49#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#343#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#72#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunctionGradient.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunctionGradient.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunctionGradient.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/ObjectiveFunctionGradient.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#99#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#95#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/NonLinearConjugateGradientOptimizer.java#97#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/scalar/GradientMultivariateOptimizer.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#44#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/SearchInterval.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateObjectiveFunction.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateObjectiveFunction.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateObjectiveFunction.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateObjectiveFunction.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/univariate/UnivariateOptimizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointVectorValuePair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointVectorValuePair.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointVectorValuePair.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointVectorValuePair.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#262#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/PointVectorValuePair.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/LUDecomposition.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/SimpleVectorValueChecker.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/GaussNewtonOptimizer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#113#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement