org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment