org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Beta.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelation.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractDistribution.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractDistribution.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/TDistributionImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration