org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BracketingNthOrderBrentSolver.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateSolver.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateSolver.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#44#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventHandler.java#54#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventHandler.java#61#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventHandler.java#70#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventHandler.java#80#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventHandler.java#87#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#41#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#48#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#62#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#68#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AllowedSolution.java#74#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/events/EventState.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3793#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3777#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3773#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3744#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3705#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3740#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/ExpandableStatefulODE.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/EquationsMapper.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment