org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#541#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/Frequency.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration