org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/EuclideanIntegerPoint.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/Cluster.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/Cluster.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/Cluster.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/Cluster.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/Cluster.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClusterer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/EuclideanIntegerPoint.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#1624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#1625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#1626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#1627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/EuclideanIntegerPoint.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/EuclideanIntegerPoint.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/EuclideanIntegerPoint.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/clustering/EuclideanIntegerPoint.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration