org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#1287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorImpl.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#25#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement