org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/Fraction.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement