org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration