org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/Complex.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration