org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/BrentSolver.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation