org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/BigMatrixImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration