com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/StdDateFormat.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/StdDateFormat.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/StdDateFormat.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#1670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#1671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#1669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#1611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#1612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#1613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#3165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/StdDateFormat.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/StdDateFormat.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/StdDateFormat.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/StdDateFormat.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#2962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectWriter.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectReader.java#1782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/SimpleType.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/MappingJsonFactory.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/MappingJsonFactory.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/MappingJsonFactory.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationContext.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/deser/DefaultDeserializationContext.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/deser/DefaultDeserializationContext.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationFeature.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/jsontype/impl/StdSubtypeResolver.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ser/DefaultSerializerProvider.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/deser/DefaultDeserializationContext.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/deser/DefaultDeserializationContext.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ser/DefaultSerializerProvider.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/ContextAttributes.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/ContextAttributes.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationFeature.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfigBase.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/introspect/SimpleMixInResolver.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/introspect/SimpleMixInResolver.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/introspect/SimpleMixInResolver.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/deser/DeserializerCache.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/deser/DeserializerCache.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/deser/DeserializerCache.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ser/SerializerCache.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ser/SerializerCache.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ser/SerializerCache.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/RootNameLookup.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/RootNameLookup.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/jsontype/SubtypeResolver.java#15#unknown
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/RootNameLookup.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/BaseSettings.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/introspect/BasicClassIntrospector.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/introspect/BasicClassIntrospector.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/introspect/BasicClassIntrospector.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/introspect/ClassIntrospector.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/LRUMap.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationConfig.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/LRUMap.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/LRUMap.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/util/LRUMap.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationConfig.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/TypeFactory.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/ObjectMapper.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializationFeature.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/SerializerProvider.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/SimpleType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/SimpleType.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DeserializationFeature.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/SimpleType.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/SimpleType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/SimpleType.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/SimpleType.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/JavaType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/TypeBase.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/type/TypeBase.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/JavaType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/JavaType.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/JavaType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/JavaType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/JavaType.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/JavaType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/MapperFeature.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/cfg/MapperConfig.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/fasterxml/jackson/databind/DatabindContext.java#26#unknown