org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/csv/QuoteMode.java#24#unknown
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#29#unknown
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Assertions.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Assertions.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement