org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/ExtendedBufferedReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Lexer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/Token.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVParser.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Assertions.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVFormat.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/csv/CSVRecord.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/csv/Assertions.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement