org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#968#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#968#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration