org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionGroup.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionGroup.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionGroup.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionGroup.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionGroup.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionGroup.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#952#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#952#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment