org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#997#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#997#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement