org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#1011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#43#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement