org/apache/commons/cli/MissingOptionException.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/MissingOptionException.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/ParseException.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/ParseException.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PosixParser.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Parser.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement