org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ArgumentImpl.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/OptionImpl.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/resource/ResourceHelper.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/DefaultOption.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/ParentImpl.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/option/GroupImpl.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#59#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/validation/FileValidator.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/ArgumentBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/GroupBuilder.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/PatternBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/builder/DefaultOptionBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli2/DisplaySetting.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/DisplaySetting.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/DisplaySetting.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/apache/commons/cli2/DisplaySetting.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli2/DisplaySetting.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli2/DisplaySetting.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement