org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/LineAndShapeRenderer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/AbstractCategoryDataset.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/category/AbstractCategoryDataset.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/AbstractCategoryDataset.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/AbstractCategoryDataset.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/AbstractCategoryDataset.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/SelectableValue.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/SelectableValue.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/SelectableValue.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/SelectableValue.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/SelectableValue.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/SelectableValue.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1051#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/DefaultShadowGenerator.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/PlotChangeEvent.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/PlotChangeEvent.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/PlotChangeEvent.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ResourceBundleWrapper.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ResourceBundleWrapper.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/DatasetChangeInfo.java#49#unknown
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RenderAttributes.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/BooleanList.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/BooleanList.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/PaintList.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/PaintList.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/StrokeList.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/StrokeList.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration