org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/TableOrder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/TableOrder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/TableOrder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/TableOrder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/TableOrder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/MultiplePiePlot.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/PaintMap.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/PaintMap.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/PaintMap.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelLinkStyle.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelLinkStyle.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelLinkStyle.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelLinkStyle.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelLinkStyle.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelLinkStyle.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/AbstractPieLabelDistributor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/AbstractPieLabelDistributor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/AbstractPieLabelDistributor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelDistributor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelDistributor.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PieLabelDistributor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Rotation.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Rotation.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Rotation.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Rotation.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Rotation.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Rotation.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardPieSectionLabelGenerator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardPieSectionLabelGenerator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardPieSectionLabelGenerator.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardPieSectionLabelGenerator.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardPieSectionLabelGenerator.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/AbstractPieItemLabelGenerator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/StrokeMap.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/StrokeMap.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/StrokeMap.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PiePlot.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/ColumnArrangement.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/ColumnArrangement.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/TitleChangeEvent.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/TitleChangeEvent.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/TitleChangeEvent.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/TextTitle.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/resources/JFreeChartResources.java#44#unknown
org/jfree/chart/resources/JFreeChartResources.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/resources/JFreeChartResources.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#52#unknown
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration