org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/Range.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/EmptyBlock.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/EmptyBlock.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/EmptyBlock.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/EmptyBlock.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/EmptyBlock.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/Range.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/Range.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement