org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractSeriesDataset.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractSeriesDataset.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/resources/DataPackageResources.java#50#unknown
org/jfree/data/resources/DataPackageResources.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DataUtilities.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DataUtilities.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DataUtilities.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DataUtilities.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/DataUtilities.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultIntervalCategoryDataset.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement