org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#70#unknown
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement