org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/DefaultKeyedValues2D.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/category/DefaultCategoryDataset.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetChangeEvent.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetChangeEvent.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetChangeEvent.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration