org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalDataItem.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYInterval.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeriesCollection.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYIntervalSeries.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectItem.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectItem.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectItem.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectItem.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectItem.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectItem.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/ComparableObjectSeries.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/event/SeriesChangeEvent.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/event/SeriesChangeEvent.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/event/SeriesChangeEvent.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/event/SeriesChangeEvent.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/event/SeriesChangeEvent.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/AbstractIntervalXYDataset.java#51#unknown
org/jfree/data/xy/AbstractXYDataset.java#55#unknown
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractSeriesDataset.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractSeriesDataset.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/DatasetChangeInfo.java#49#unknown
org/jfree/data/event/DatasetChangeEvent.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation