org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration