org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1052#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickType.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickType.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickType.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickType.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickType.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPosition.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlockAnchor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelWidthType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelWidthType.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelWidthType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelWidthType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelWidthType.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelWidthType.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAnchor.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1006#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1008#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1010#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/DefaultStatisticalCategoryDataset.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotRenderingInfo.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleInsets.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryTick.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryTick.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryTick.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryTick.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryTick.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryTick.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryTick.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/AbstractDataset.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/Range.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/Range.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/Range.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/Range.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1051#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects2D.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetGroup.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetChangeEvent.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetChangeEvent.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetChangeEvent.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/statistics/MeanAndStandardDeviation.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/statistics/MeanAndStandardDeviation.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/MeanAndStandardDeviation.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/MeanAndStandardDeviation.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/MeanAndStandardDeviation.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/statistics/MeanAndStandardDeviation.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObject.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/RangeType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/RangeType.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/RangeType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/RangeType.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/RangeType.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/RangeType.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#1425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTickUnit.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTickUnit.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTickUnit.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTickUnit.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTickUnit.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnits.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/Title.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/AbstractBlock.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/HorizontalAlignment.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/VerticalAlignment.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/RectangleConstraint.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Size2D.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendItemBlockContainer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockContainer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendGraphic.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/title/LegendTitle.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ChartColor.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItem.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DatasetRenderingOrder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1092#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1996#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#1997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2006#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2092#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2093#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/DatasetUtilities.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3048#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3051#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3052#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#3338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Marker.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/ValueMarker.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SortOrder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/LegendItemCollection.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/Layer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/PlotOrientation.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/AxisChangeEvent.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/AxisChangeEvent.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/AxisChangeEvent.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/PlotChangeEvent.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/PlotChangeEvent.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/PlotChangeEvent.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/LengthAdjustmentType.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/DefaultDrawingSupplier.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/UnitType.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/StrokeList.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/PaintList.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/PaintList.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/PaintList.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/BooleanList.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockParams.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockResult.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockResult.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockResult.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/FlowArrangement.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BlockBorder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/ColumnArrangement.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/ColumnArrangement.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LengthConstraintType.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LabelBlock.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/BorderArrangement.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/CenterArrangement.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/block/LineBorder.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/ProjectInfo.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/BasicProjectInfo.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Library.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Contributor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#54#unknown
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/ui/Licences.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/JFreeChart.java#1546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/TitleChangeEvent.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/TitleChangeEvent.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/TitleChangeEvent.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/G2TextMeasurer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/G2TextMeasurer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/G2TextMeasurer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/G2TextMeasurer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/G2TextMeasurer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/G2TextMeasurer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/G2TextMeasurer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#96#unknown
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextLine.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextFragment.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/resources/JFreeChartResources.java#46#unknown
org/jfree/chart/resources/JFreeChartResources.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/resources/JFreeChartResources.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/KeyedObjects.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisLocation.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/TickUnit.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTick.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTick.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberTick.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueTick.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Tick.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/CategoryItemRendererState.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/CategoryItemRendererState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/CategoryItemRendererState.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/CategoryItemRendererState.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/CategoryItemRendererState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/CategoryItemRendererState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/CategoryItemRendererState.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/RendererState.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartProgressEvent.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartProgressEvent.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartProgressEvent.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartProgressEvent.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeUtilities.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEventType.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/event/ChartChangeEvent.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/StandardCategorySeriesLabelGenerator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/GradientPaintTransformType.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/GradientPaintTransformType.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/GradientPaintTransformType.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/GradientPaintTransformType.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java#2154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/GradientPaintTransformType.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/GradientPaintTransformType.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/GradientPaintTransformType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/StrokeList.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/StrokeList.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/StandardGradientPaintTransformer.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/StandardGradientPaintTransformer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/StandardGradientPaintTransformer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/StandardGradientPaintTransformer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/StandardGradientPaintTransformer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/StandardGradientPaintTransformer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/BooleanList.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/BooleanList.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectList.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/PaintList.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/PaintList.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/text/TextAnchor.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelAnchor.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/labels/ItemLabelPosition.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/BarRenderer.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisSpace.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryLabelPositions.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleAnchor.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1088#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextBlock.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1093#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/RectangleEdge.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/Plot.java#1390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/AxisCollection.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/text/TextUtilities.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/ValueAxis.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/Axis.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/CategoryAxis.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/axis/NumberAxis.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/plot/CategoryPlot.java#2799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/StatisticalBarRenderer.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement