org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYDataItem.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/xy/XYSeries.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement