org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/SerialUtilities.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ObjectUtilities.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/ShapeList.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/chart/util/AbstractObjectList.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration