org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SimpleTimePeriod.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SimpleTimePeriod.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SimpleTimePeriod.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SimpleTimePeriod.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SimpleTimePeriod.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SimpleTimePeriod.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SimpleTimePeriod.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#70#unknown
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValue.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimePeriodValues.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration