org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SpreadsheetDate.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/SerialDate.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Day.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/Year.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#70#unknown
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeriesDataItem.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/general/SeriesChangeEvent.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jfree/data/time/RegularTimePeriod.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jfree/data/time/TimeSeries.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jfree/data/general/Series.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement