org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/SimpleEstimationProblem.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/GaussNewtonEstimator.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1006#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealMatrixImpl.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/EstimatedParameter.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/AbstractEstimator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/estimation/WeightedMeasurement.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement