org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/complex/ComplexFormat.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration