org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement