org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3744#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3773#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3705#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3740#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3777#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3793#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractMultivariateRealDistribution.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractMultivariateRealDistribution.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractMultivariateRealDistribution.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractMultivariateRealDistribution.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractMultivariateRealDistribution.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistribution.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#51#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealLinearOperator.java#53#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#60#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVector.java#1159#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/TriDiagonalTransformer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#413#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/EigenDecomposition.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration