org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/PolynomialFitter.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/PolynomialFitter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/PolynomialFitter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#395#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fitting/CurveFitter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunctionJacobian.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/MatrixUtils.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Target.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/ModelFunction.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/Weight.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/MaxEval.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/CompositeFormat.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#51#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealLinearOperator.java#53#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/MultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#206#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#191#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/BaseOptimizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/jacobian/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optim/nonlinear/vector/JacobianMultivariateVectorOptimizer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation