org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/MersenneTwister.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2010#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#2307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#36#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#47#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#50#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#53#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#56#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/DfpField.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/dfp/Dfp.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3683#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3718#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3751#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3722#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration