org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/UniformRealDistribution.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3715#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3719#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3748#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3680#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3752#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3768#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration