org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#143#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#145#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#147#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/FunctionUtils.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/FunctionUtils.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/FunctionUtils.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/FunctionUtils.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/FunctionUtils.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/FunctionUtils.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/StepFunction.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sin.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/function/Sin.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/UnivariatePointValuePair.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BaseAbstractUnivariateOptimizer.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/GoalType.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/GoalType.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/optimization/GoalType.java#34#unknown