org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/fraction/Fraction.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement