org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Erf.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Erf.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Erf.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#419#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/NormalDistribution.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3780#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3796#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3708#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3743#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#158#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3747#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3776#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaNStrategy.java#36#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaNStrategy.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaNStrategy.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaNStrategy.java#45#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaNStrategy.java#48#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/TiesStrategy.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/TiesStrategy.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/TiesStrategy.java#45#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/TiesStrategy.java#48#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/TiesStrategy.java#51#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/TiesStrategy.java#54#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement