org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/MathIllegalStateException.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/ConvergenceException.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/ConvergenceException.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/exception/ConvergenceException.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/BinomialDistribution.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/FDistribution.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtils.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Incrementor.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateSolver.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/AbstractUnivariateSolver.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#71#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Gamma.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistribution.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ArithmeticUtils.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ResizableDoubleArray.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#158#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/special/Beta.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3747#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3776#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3708#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3743#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#4074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#5103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMathLiteralArrays.java#6174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3796#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3780#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/ContinuedFraction.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration