org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Plane.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/SubPlane.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/PolyhedronsSet.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#202#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#204#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#207#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#210#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/OrderedTuple.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#47#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#353#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Segment.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/utilities/AVLTree.java#224#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/PolygonsSet.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryAttribute.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryAttribute.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryAttribute.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryAttribute.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryAttribute.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BoundaryAttribute.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#71#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Precision.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Characterization.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#62#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#159#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Region.java#50#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Region.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Region.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Region.java#58#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Side.java#24#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Side.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Side.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Side.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/Side.java#36#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathUtils.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#230#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/RegionFactory.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/SubLine.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractSubHyperplane.java#37#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/SubHyperplane.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/SubHyperplane.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/SubHyperplane.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/SubHyperplane.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/SubHyperplane.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/SubHyperplane.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Vector1D.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java#54#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java#58#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java#63#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java#68#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java#73#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTreeVisitor.java#83#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Vector2D.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/OrientedPoint.java#29#unknown
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/SubOrientedPoint.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/twod/Line.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/IntervalsSet.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/oned/Interval.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#3348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#2304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/AbstractRegion.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#1593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/partitioning/BSPTree.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement