org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#1627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVector.java#58#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVector.java#864#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealLinearOperator.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#2384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleScalarValueChecker.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateSimpleBoundsOptimizer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BOBYQAOptimizer.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractMultivariateOptimizer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement