org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/RealPointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/AbstractLinearOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexSolver.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Precision.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealLinearOperator.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVector.java#864#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#37#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVector.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVector.java#58#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearObjectiveFunction.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/LinearConstraint.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/Relationship.java#25#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/linear/SimplexTableau.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement