org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#484#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#270#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1048#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#577#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#42#unknown