org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#996#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2081#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#29#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#38#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#41#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#49#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement