org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NotStrictlyPositiveException.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NotStrictlyPositiveException.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/OutOfRangeException.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/OutOfRangeException.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NumberIsTooSmallException.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NumberIsTooSmallException.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NumberIsTooSmallException.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NumberIsTooSmallException.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NumberIsTooSmallException.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/NumberIsTooSmallException.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/OutOfRangeException.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/OutOfRangeException.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/OutOfRangeException.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/OutOfRangeException.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalArgumentException.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalArgumentException.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalNumberException.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#44#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#45#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#47#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#48#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#49#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#50#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#51#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#53#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#54#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#56#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#57#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#58#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#59#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#60#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#61#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#62#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#63#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#64#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#65#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#66#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#67#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#68#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#69#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#70#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#71#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#72#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#73#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#74#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#75#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#76#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#77#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#79#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#80#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#81#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#82#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#83#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#84#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#85#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#86#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#87#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#88#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#89#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#90#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#91#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#92#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#93#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#94#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#95#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#96#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#97#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#98#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#99#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#100#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#101#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#102#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#103#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#104#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#105#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#106#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#107#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#108#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#109#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#110#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#111#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#112#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#113#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#114#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#115#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#116#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#117#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#118#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#119#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#120#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#121#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#122#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#123#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#124#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#125#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#126#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#127#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#128#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#129#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#130#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#131#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#132#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#133#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#134#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#135#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#136#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#137#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#138#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#139#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#140#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#141#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#142#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#143#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#144#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#145#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#146#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#147#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#148#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#149#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#150#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#151#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#152#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#153#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#154#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#155#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#156#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#157#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#158#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#159#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#160#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#161#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#162#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#163#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#164#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#165#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#166#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#167#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#168#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#169#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#170#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#171#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#172#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#173#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#174#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#175#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#176#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#177#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#178#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#179#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#180#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#181#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#182#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#183#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#184#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#185#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#186#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#187#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#188#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#189#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#190#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#191#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#192#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#193#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#194#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#195#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#196#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#197#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#198#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#199#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#200#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#201#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#202#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#203#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#204#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#205#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#206#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#207#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#208#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#209#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#210#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#211#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#212#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#213#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#214#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#215#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#216#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#217#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#218#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#219#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#220#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#221#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#222#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#223#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#224#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#225#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#226#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#227#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#228#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#229#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#230#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#231#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#232#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#233#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#234#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#235#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#236#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#237#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#238#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#239#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#240#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#241#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#242#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#243#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#244#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#245#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#246#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#247#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#248#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#249#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#250#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#251#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#252#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#253#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#254#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#255#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#256#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#257#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#258#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#259#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#260#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#261#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#262#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#263#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#264#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#265#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#266#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#267#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#268#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#269#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#270#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#271#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#272#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#273#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#274#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#275#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#276#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#277#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#278#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#279#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#280#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#281#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#282#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#283#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#284#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#285#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#286#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#287#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#288#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#289#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#290#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#291#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#292#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#293#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#294#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#295#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#296#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#297#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#298#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#299#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#300#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#301#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#302#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#303#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#304#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#305#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#306#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#307#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#308#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#309#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#310#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#311#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#312#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#313#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#314#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#315#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#316#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#317#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#318#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#319#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#320#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#321#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#322#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#323#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#324#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#325#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#326#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#327#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/LocalizedFormats.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalNumberException.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathIllegalNumberException.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/util/ArgUtils.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/exception/MathRuntimeException.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#43#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#169#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#245#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#996#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1008#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#114#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/function/Gaussian.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/WeightedObservedPoint.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/CurveFitter.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/direct/BaseAbstractVectorialOptimizer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/fitting/GaussianFitter.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration