org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#29#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#38#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#41#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#49#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2081#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#2203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/Dfp.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/dfp/DfpField.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/MersenneTwister.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#206#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1092#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration