org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergenceException.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergenceException.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Erf.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Erf.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Erf.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Erf.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/ContinuedFraction.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1092#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#206#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractDistribution.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractDistribution.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/RandomDataImpl.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/RandomDataImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/RandomDataImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/random/RandomDataImpl.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration