org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#206#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#1618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/FastMath.java#3260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/Incrementor.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.AssertStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/MathUtils.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/JDKRandomGenerator.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/UnivariateRealPointValuePair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/UnivariateRealPointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/UnivariateRealPointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/UnivariateRealPointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/UnivariateRealPointValuePair.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/UnivariateRealPointValuePair.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#36#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration