org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#231#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/LUDecompositionImpl.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement