org/apache/commons/math/MathRuntimeException.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathRuntimeException.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#44#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#45#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#47#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#48#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#49#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#50#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#51#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#52#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#53#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#54#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#55#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#56#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#57#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#58#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#59#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#60#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#61#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#62#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#63#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#64#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#65#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#66#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#67#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#68#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#69#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#70#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#71#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#72#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#73#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#74#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#75#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#76#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#77#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#78#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#79#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#80#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#81#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#82#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#83#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#84#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#85#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#86#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#87#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#88#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#89#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#90#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#91#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#92#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#93#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#94#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#95#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#96#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#97#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#98#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#99#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#100#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#101#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#102#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#103#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#104#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#105#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#106#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#107#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#108#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#109#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#110#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#111#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#112#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#113#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#114#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#115#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#116#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#117#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#118#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#119#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#120#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#121#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#122#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#123#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#124#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#125#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#126#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#127#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#128#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#129#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#130#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#131#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#132#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#133#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#134#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#135#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#136#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#137#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#138#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#139#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#140#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#141#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#142#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#143#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#144#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#145#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#146#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#147#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#148#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#149#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#150#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#151#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#152#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#153#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#154#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#155#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#156#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#157#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#158#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#159#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#160#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#161#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#162#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#163#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#164#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#165#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#166#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#167#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#168#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#169#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#170#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#171#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#172#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#173#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#174#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#175#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#176#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#177#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#178#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#179#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#180#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#181#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#182#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#183#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#184#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#185#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#186#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#187#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#188#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#189#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#190#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#191#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#192#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#193#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#194#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#195#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#196#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#197#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#198#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#199#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#200#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#201#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#202#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#203#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#204#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#205#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#206#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#207#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#208#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#209#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#210#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#211#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#212#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#213#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#214#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#215#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#216#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#217#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#218#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#219#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#220#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#221#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#222#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#223#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#224#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#225#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#226#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#227#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#228#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#229#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#230#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#231#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#232#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#233#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#234#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#235#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#236#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#237#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#238#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#239#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#240#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#241#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#242#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#243#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#244#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#245#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#246#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#247#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#248#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#249#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#250#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#251#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#252#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#253#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#254#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#255#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#256#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#257#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#258#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#259#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#260#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#261#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#262#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#263#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#264#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#265#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#266#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#267#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#268#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#269#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#270#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#271#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#272#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#273#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#274#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#275#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#276#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#277#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#278#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#279#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#280#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#281#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#282#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#283#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#284#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#285#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#286#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#287#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#288#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#289#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#290#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#291#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#292#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#293#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/LocalizedFormats.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/random/JDKRandomGenerator.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/AbstractUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/GoalType.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/univariate/BrentOptimizer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/MultiStartUnivariateRealOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement