org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#777#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/VectorialPointValuePair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/SimpleVectorialValueChecker.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizer.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/optimization/general/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement