org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BisectionSolver.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration