org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement