org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegrator.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#59#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/DerivativeException.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/DerivativeException.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsIntegrator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#64#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFractionField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1092#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1093#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/MultistepIntegrator.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#714#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#222#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/FieldLUDecompositionImpl.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/fraction/BigFraction.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/MatrixUtils.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/Array2DRowFieldMatrix.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853Integrator.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverImpl.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#42#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/BrentSolver.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergingAlgorithmImpl.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/EventState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/AdaptiveStepsizeIntegrator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaIntegrator.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/events/CombinedEventsManager.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/AbstractIntegrator.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement