org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#854#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVector.java#72#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/OpenMapRealVector.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#491#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#819#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/AbstractRealVector.java#34#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/ArrayRealVector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#30#unknown
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/util/CompositeFormat.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/linear/RealVectorFormat.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement