org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/AbstractRealDistribution.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteRealDistribution.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/Well19937c.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/distribution/DiscreteDistribution.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/AbstractWell.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/Pair.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/BitsStreamGenerator.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataGenerator.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/random/RandomDataImpl.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration