org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MaxIterationsExceededException.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/MaxIterationsExceededException.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MaxIterationsExceededException.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergenceException.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/ConvergenceException.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/math/MathException.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Erf.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Erf.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Erf.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/NormalDistributionImpl.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/analysis/solvers/UnivariateRealSolverUtils.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/special/Gamma.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractDistribution.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractDistribution.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/math/distribution/AbstractContinuousDistribution.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration