org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Line.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/geometry/euclidean/threed/Vector3D.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/math3/util/FastMath.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/math3/util/MathArrays.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement