org/apache/commons/collections4/IteratorUtils.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/iterators/CollatingIterator.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/IteratorUtils.java#1122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/IteratorUtils.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/IteratorUtils.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/IteratorUtils.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/IteratorUtils.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/collections4/IteratorUtils.java#1142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement