org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Evaluator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation