org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Comment.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#47#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Cleaner.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/safety/Whitelist.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration