org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#47#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#10#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#191#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/DescendableLinkedList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration