org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/QueryParser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Selector.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/Collector.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attribute.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Elements.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#1448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilderState.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#13#unknown
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#13#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#68#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#19#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#201#unknown