org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#213#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#19#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration