org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokenQueue.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#17#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#154#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment