org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/Jsoup.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#18#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/XmlTreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#14#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/internal/Normalizer.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#14#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#75#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#32#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#384#unknown
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Parser.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#7#unknown
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/select/NodeTraversor.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/TokeniserState.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/ParseErrorList.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tokeniser.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/CharacterReader.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/helper/ChangeNotifyingArrayList.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/ParseSettings.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#18#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/Validate.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Attributes.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Entities.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Document.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Element.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/Node.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/TextNode.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/select/Evaluator.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/nodes/LeafNode.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/helper/StringUtil.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/TreeBuilder.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/Token.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/Tag.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodInvocation
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/jsoup/parser/HtmlTreeBuilder.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.Assignment