org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarBuffer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement