org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveEntry.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveOutputStream.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ar/ArArchiveInputStream.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/jar/JarArchiveInputStream.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveInputStream.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#45#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#24#unknown