org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioUtil.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveInputStream.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/cpio/CpioArchiveEntry.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration