org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ArchiveUtils.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarUtils.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveInputStream.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/tar/TarArchiveEntry.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveInputStream.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveStreamFactory.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement