org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Zip64Mode.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0019_EncryptionRecipientCertificateList.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/PKWareExtraHeader.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/PKWareExtraHeader.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/PKWareExtraHeader.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/PKWareExtraHeader.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0019_EncryptionRecipientCertificateList.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0014_X509Certificates.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0014_X509Certificates.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0017_StrongEncryptionHeader.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0017_StrongEncryptionHeader.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1093#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodeCommentExtraField.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodeCommentExtraField.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodeCommentExtraField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0016_CertificateIdForCentralDirectory.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0016_CertificateIdForCentralDirectory.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0015_CertificateIdForFile.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X0015_CertificateIdForFile.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEightByteInteger.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ResourceAlignmentExtraField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ResourceAlignmentExtraField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ResourceAlignmentExtraField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ResourceAlignmentExtraField.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEightByteInteger.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEightByteInteger.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEightByteInteger.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEightByteInteger.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AsiExtraField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X000A_NTFS.java#66#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X000A_NTFS.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X000A_NTFS.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X000A_NTFS.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X000A_NTFS.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/UnicodePathExtraField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/AbstractUnicodeExtraField.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/JarMarker.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Zip64ExtendedInformationExtraField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/Zip64ExtendedInformationExtraField.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X7875_NewUnix.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1077#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1088#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#1389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#994#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1031#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/StreamCompressor.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#1210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipFile.java#865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveOutputStream.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/IOUtils.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipMethod.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipUtil.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ExtraFieldUtils.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipArchiveEntry.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/GeneralPurposeBit.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#47#unknown
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/ArchiveOutputStream.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/FallbackZipEncoding.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipEncodingHelper.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/utils/ByteUtils.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement