org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/X5455_ExtendedTimestamp.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipLong.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/compress/archivers/zip/ZipShort.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration