org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/math/Fraction.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement