org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/CharSequenceTranslator.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang3/text/translate/LookupTranslator.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement