org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#388#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#440#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#43#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#524#unknown
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/Entities.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/IntHashMap.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration