org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/lang/StringEscapeUtils.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration