org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#883#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#871#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#962#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#962#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration