org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#966#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#1002#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#39#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/HelpFormatter.java#1002#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#46#unknown