org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/PatternOptionBuilder.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/TypeHandler.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/DefaultParser.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionValidator.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/OptionBuilder.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/CommandLine.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Util.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#46#unknown
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Option.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/cli/Options.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement