org/joda/time/Period.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Period.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/Period.java#684#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Period.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Period.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISOPeriodFormat.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISOPeriodFormat.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISOPeriodFormat.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1076#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1579#unknown
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#824#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#1785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatter.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Period.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Period.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/Period.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/PeriodFormatterBuilder.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPeriod.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BasePeriod.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/PeriodType.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#68#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeField.java#33#unknown
org/joda/time/DurationField.java#30#unknown
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#121#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#50#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#72#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#45#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#69#unknown
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Chronology.java#63#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#60#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#509#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#62#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#117#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement