org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#1224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1784#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1722#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/MutableDateTime.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#38#unknown
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Instant.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#74#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#50#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2724#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#75#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/Instant.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Instant.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/Instant.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Instant.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#68#unknown
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#45#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#72#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#69#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#121#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#50#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeField.java#33#unknown
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationField.java#30#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Chronology.java#63#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#393#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#62#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#117#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement