org/joda/time/Partial.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#32#unknown
org/joda/time/Partial.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Partial.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Partial.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/Partial.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/Partial.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPartial.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/Partial.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Partial.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPartial.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPartial.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPartial.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/Instant.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#982#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipUndoDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BuddhistChronology.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#75#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#106#unknown
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/LocalDate.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#628#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1002#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#1003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJChronology.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1051#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#50#unknown
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#51#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#79#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/CopticChronology.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicFixedMonthChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicFixedMonthChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicFixedMonthChronology.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicFixedMonthChronology.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicFixedMonthChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicFixedMonthChronology.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicFixedMonthChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Instant.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/Instant.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Instant.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/Instant.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseLocal.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseLocal.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/JulianChronology.java#75#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicSingleEraDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/LimitChronology.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPartial.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/AbstractPartial.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/SkipDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DelegatedDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#746#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#68#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#45#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#72#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#69#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#121#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#50#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/Chronology.java#63#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#526#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#62#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeField.java#33#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationField.java#30#unknown
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#62#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#118#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration