org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2510#unknown
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2498#unknown
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2501#unknown
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2508#unknown
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormat.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#68#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#45#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#72#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#69#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#121#unknown
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#50#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationField.java#30#unknown
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeField.java#33#unknown
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Chronology.java#63#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#393#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#62#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#117#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement