org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#1694#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#1662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#1646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2686#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/AbstractConverter.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2006#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2008#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2010#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2015#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2029#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2001#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/StringConverter.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/StringConverter.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/StringConverter.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#778#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2090#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2716#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#872#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2086#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2700#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1879#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2704#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2669#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#55#unknown
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2674#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1671#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2077#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/CalendarConverter.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#733#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1895#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/DateConverter.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/LongConverter.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/ISODateTimeFormat.java#1582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/FormatUtils.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeParserBucket.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1076#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/StringConverter.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2651#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1088#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2609#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2610#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#962#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#964#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1000#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1074#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#1087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#38#unknown
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/NullConverter.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterSet.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ConverterManager.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/ReadablePeriodConverter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadablePeriodConverter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/ReadablePeriodConverter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadablePartialConverter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableDurationConverter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableDurationConverter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableDurationConverter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadablePartialConverter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadablePartialConverter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/DateConverter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/DateConverter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/DateConverter.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatter.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/convert/LongConverter.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/CalendarConverter.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/CalendarConverter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableInstantConverter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableInstantConverter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableInstantConverter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/CalendarConverter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/LongConverter.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/LongConverter.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableIntervalConverter.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableIntervalConverter.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/ReadableIntervalConverter.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/NullConverter.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/NullConverter.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/NullConverter.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/convert/StringConverter.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/StringConverter.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/convert/StringConverter.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/convert/AbstractConverter.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/convert/AbstractConverter.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#718#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2093#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/format/DateTimeFormatterBuilder.java#2094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#387#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/AbstractDateTime.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#743#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#738#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#1196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#725#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#45#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#72#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#69#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ZeroIsMaxDateTimeField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicYearDateTimeField.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJEraDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJDayOfWeekDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfMonthDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicDayOfYearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekyearDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicWeekOfWeekyearDateTimeField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDateTimeField.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DividedDateTimeField.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/RemainderDateTimeField.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#358#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#50#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#385#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ImpreciseDateTimeField.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#121#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GJYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/UnsupportedDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/Chronology.java#63#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BaseChronology.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/ScaledDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/DecoratedDurationField.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDateTimeField.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/MillisDurationField.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/PreciseDurationDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#393#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDateTimeField.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeField.java#33#unknown
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeFieldType.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/field/BaseDurationField.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DurationField.java#30#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicMonthOfYearDateTimeField.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#62#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#202#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/DefaultNameProvider.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#117#unknown
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#688#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#693#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/tz/ZoneInfoProvider.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DurationFieldType.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/CachedDateTimeZone.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#68#unknown
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOYearOfEraDateTimeField.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#357#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#639#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#640#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/GregorianChronology.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/tz/FixedDateTimeZone.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicChronology.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/field/FieldUtils.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/base/BaseDateTime.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/tz/DateTimeZoneBuilder.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/joda/time/DateTime.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/joda/time/field/OffsetDateTimeField.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/BasicGJChronology.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ZonedChronology.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/DateTimeZone.java#880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/joda/time/base/AbstractInstant.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/ISOChronology.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/joda/time/chrono/AssembledChronology.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement