org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/RefinedSoundex.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Metaphone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration