org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Caverphone.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement