org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/net/Utils.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/DecoderException.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/DecoderException.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/Utils.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/Utils.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/Utils.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/net/QuotedPrintableCodec.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement