org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/NameType.java#28#unknown
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/RuleType.java#26#unknown
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#595#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.LabeledStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Rule.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#311#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/PhoneticEngine.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Lang.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Lang.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Lang.java#218#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.EnhancedForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Lang.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Lang.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Languages.java#61#unknown
org/apache/commons/codec/language/bm/Lang.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement