org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/SoundexUtils.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/Soundex.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration