org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64OutputStream.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#446#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#364#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement