org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#819#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#867#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#702#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#721#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#652#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#395#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1048#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1012#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#890#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1059#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1060#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#1101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/language/DoubleMetaphone.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration