org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#967#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#968#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#969#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#974#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#979#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1048#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1050#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1051#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1052#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#627#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement