org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement