org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#670#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Hex.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/StringUtils.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#992#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#960#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#965#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#988#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#995#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1064#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1068#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#1069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration