org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64InputStream.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#412#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#351#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/codec/binary/Base64.java#596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement