org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathNotFoundException.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathNotFoundException.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#537#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#546#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextFactoryReferenceImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/container/ContainerPointerFactory.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/CollectionPointerFactory.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointerFactory.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dom/DOMPointerFactory.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NodeNameTest.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#696#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#213#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NodeNameTest.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NodeTest.java#23#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1790#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#739#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#744#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#745#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Step.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#785#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NodeNameTest.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NodeNameTest.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NodeNameTest.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#885#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#884#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1868#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3221#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1886#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1900#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1902#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1906#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1907#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1908#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1911#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1912#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1915#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1916#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1918#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1923#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1924#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1928#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1931#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1932#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1675#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1676#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1726#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2741#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2448#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1720#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#538#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3378#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1948#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1949#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1950#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1953#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1954#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1339#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1389#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3636#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3761#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/Token.java#8#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/Token.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/Token.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1765#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1766#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1767#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1791#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1793#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1797#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1828#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1823#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3768#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#131#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#361#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2997#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1861#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1862#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1863#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#920#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1304#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1310#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1320#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#539#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2046#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#547#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#551#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#557#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1521#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#319#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#224#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#261#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1433#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#543#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#542#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#661#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#602#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#426#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#97#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#520#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#545#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#747#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#742#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2479#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2256#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2262#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2330#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2214#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2226#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2457#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2458#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2464#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2470#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2473#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#873#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2454#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2455#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2456#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2037#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2354#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2583#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2584#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2585#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2586#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2668#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2812#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2569#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2570#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2575#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#257#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2078#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2079#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2081#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2360#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2587#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2592#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2593#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2642#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2735#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#768#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2787#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2769#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2816#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2817#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2892#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2497#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2505#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2507#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2512#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2085#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2896#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2770#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2771#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2818#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#27#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1279#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1281#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#495#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1440#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3435#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#942#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#398#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#808#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1024#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1025#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#522#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2909#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2980#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2092#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3032#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3040#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2093#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2629#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1874#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2899#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2894#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1855#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3069#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3083#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3096#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3099#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1036#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1038#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1039#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1030#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1876#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2066#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2067#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2615#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2616#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2619#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2630#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2634#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2856#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2860#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2052#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2252#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2672#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2910#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2913#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2914#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2917#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2692#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2055#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2708#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3045#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3058#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3061#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3062#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3065#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2719#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2056#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2298#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3016#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3041#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3042#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3017#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3026#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2921#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#400#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#399#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3088#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3091#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3070#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3071#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#697#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#541#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#501#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#515#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#222#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#308#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#312#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#318#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#496#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#325#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2935#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3043#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3022#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3028#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#891#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#893#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#897#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#898#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1986#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1882#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#854#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#858#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#859#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#641#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#698#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#334#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#594#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#857#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#779#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#798#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#933#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#934#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#635#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3762#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2667#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#786#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#870#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#875#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#523#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2957#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2865#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2866#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#618#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#617#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3152#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2751#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2753#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#663#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1821#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#662#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#666#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#665#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#362#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2737#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathException.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3020#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2952#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2955#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2956#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3004#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3005#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2959#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2975#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2976#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2925#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2926#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3010#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3011#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3021#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2922#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PredicateContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2837#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1191#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#903#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#568#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#401#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2951#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2970#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3018#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3003#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#977#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#978#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1832#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#548#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#553#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#789#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#723#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperation.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperation.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/PrecedingOrFollowingContext.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#941#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#943#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#788#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1077#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1081#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1082#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1047#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1049#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1053#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1054#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1075#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2981#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3034#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2985#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2989#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2990#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2963#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3044#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3403#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1089#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationEqual.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationEqual.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1971#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1374#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#727#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1019#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#754#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#689#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1063#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1372#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1014#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#544#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#540#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#809#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1007#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1013#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#732#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#734#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#794#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#961#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#578#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#591#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#991#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#567#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#571#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#901#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1167#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#572#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#528#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#687#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1678#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1679#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#468#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#792#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2338#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#509#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2350#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AncestorContext.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#460#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2393#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2394#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2596#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2597#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2600#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#492#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#598#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#493#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2405#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#919#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2927#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#881#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2905#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#300#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationGreaterThan.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationGreaterThan.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#889#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1418#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1420#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#740#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#946#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#249#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#813#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#814#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#993#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#815#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperation.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3231#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1035#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#826#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#827#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1057#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#864#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NameAttributeTest.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/LocationPath.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#841#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1379#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1380#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#904#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationNotEqual.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationNotEqual.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#847#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#851#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ChildContext.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#45#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#459#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1411#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1406#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointerFactory.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointerFactory.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#8#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1748#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1749#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1755#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#278#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#377#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2381#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/NodeSetContext.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#388#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#370#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3513#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3535#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1033#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3558#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3559#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3560#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3561#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3562#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3563#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3564#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3565#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3566#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#375#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#709#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#508#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#715#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#26#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#552#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/UnionContext.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dom/DOMPointerFactory.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dom/DOMPointerFactory.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2758#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2759#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NameAttributeTest.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/NameAttributeTest.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#201#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#212#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3526#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3529#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3530#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#695#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationGreaterThanOrEqual.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextFactoryReferenceImpl.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextFactoryReferenceImpl.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#36#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/container/ContainerPointerFactory.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/container/ContainerPointerFactory.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointerFactory.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointerFactory.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/CollectionPointerFactory.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/CollectionPointerFactory.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/AttributeContext.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/BasicTypeConverter.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/TypeUtils.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1887#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1888#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1158#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#699#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#481#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#31#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#947#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2072#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#461#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2073#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#983#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#984#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2080#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationGreaterThan.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/ParentContext.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#443#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1987#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Path.java#288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreFunction.java#146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/DescendantContext.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationLessThan.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#752#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#534#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#728#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#729#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#730#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#731#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#554#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#750#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#555#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1027#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#116#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2095#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#459#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2023#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2972#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2973#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2094#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationLessThan.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationLessThan.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1414#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1415#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationGreaterThanOrEqual.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationGreaterThanOrEqual.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#359#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#342#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#348#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationCompare.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPropertyPointer.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#205#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#498#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3346#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#938#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Constant.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1442#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1444#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1467#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#25#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#217#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#685#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#690#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#691#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#16#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#21#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1531#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1532#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#660#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#664#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#673#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#677#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#683#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#633#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#643#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#644#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#645#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#646#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#647#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#648#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#649#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#650#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#653#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#654#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#655#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#656#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#657#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#658#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#659#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#198#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyPointer.java#194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#62#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3605#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3606#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3608#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3604#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#24#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#601#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#26#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#220#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#216#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement