org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#96#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationAdd.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationAdd.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationAdd.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationAdd.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#159#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#175#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperation.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/container/ContainerPointerFactory.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/container/ContainerPointerFactory.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointerFactory.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointerFactory.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/CollectionPointerFactory.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/CollectionPointerFactory.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#31#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#38#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointerFactory.java#35#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointerFactory.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3084#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3087#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3136#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3097#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3098#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1760#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#8#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1756#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1757#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1810#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1811#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1763#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1764#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#22#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#23#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#28#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#29#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#241#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#244#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#246#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#248#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#254#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3191#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#825#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#830#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#26#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#64#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationLessThanOrEqual.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#105#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextFactoryReferenceImpl.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextFactoryReferenceImpl.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#225#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#228#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#229#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContextFactory.java#271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/PackageFunctions.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dom/DOMPointerFactory.java#32#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dom/DOMPointerFactory.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#33#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#36#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#124#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#123#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#126#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/VariableReference.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/NullPointer.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#93#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/VariableReference.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#112#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#131#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#206#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#127#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointer.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#736#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ClassLoaderUtil.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#504#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#27#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#59#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/BasicVariables.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#487#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#94#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#95#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#486#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#939#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#940#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1680#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1681#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#101#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1682#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2703#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2705#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#409#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#72#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2706#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2707#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#90#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2712#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2713#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2796#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#316#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#326#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/VariableReference.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/VariableReference.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/VariableReference.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1474#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1475#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1476#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1477#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1478#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1480#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1483#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationAdd.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationAdd.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1437#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#417#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1439#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationLessThanOrEqual.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationLessThanOrEqual.java#35#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1469#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#503#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#502#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#432#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1419#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperationRelationalExpression.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#449#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1840#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#307#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperation.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/CoreOperation.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#447#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#135#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#138#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#149#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#154#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/InfoSetUtil.java#104#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#125#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#623#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#624#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#321#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#34#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Operation.java#33#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1511#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1510#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#280#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#20#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#19#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2151#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1958#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#315#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#371#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#355#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#356#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#250#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1301#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1999#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#936#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#937#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointer.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1009#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#15#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#17#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1266#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1268#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2869#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1271#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1291#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1292#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1297#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointerFactory.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointerFactory.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointerFactory.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointer.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointer.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#89#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointer.java#68#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointer.java#69#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/BeanPointer.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#76#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#113#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#91#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynamic/DynamicPointerFactory.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#92#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointerFactory.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#108#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/container/ContainerPointerFactory.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/CollectionPointerFactory.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#61#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dom/DOMPointerFactory.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#103#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#102#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#174#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#36#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#148#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#30#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#386#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3197#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#109#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/VariablePointerFactory.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathIntrospector.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#365#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathBasicBeanInfo.java#98#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1944#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2178#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#390#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#391#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#392#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1945#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2150#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#65#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#73#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#32#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/InitialContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#189#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#66#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/EvalContext.java#67#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#717#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#701#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#37#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#134#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/axes/RootContext.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#303#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#302#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#527#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/CollectionPointerFactory.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/container/ContainerPointerFactory.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#85#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#57#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#63#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#86#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#710#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#714#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dynabeans/DynaBeanPointerFactory.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#87#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#88#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#153#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/dom/DOMPointerFactory.java#45#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#44#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/jdom/JDOMPointerFactory.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/util/ValueUtils.java#524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#58#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#82#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#41#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/beans/PropertyOwnerPointer.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#38#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#40#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextFactoryReferenceImpl.java#39#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#84#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#106#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/NamespaceResolver.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#60#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#488#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#489#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/model/NodePointer.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#133#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#180#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#450#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#407#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1518#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.DoStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1519#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#408#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#452#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#453#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#416#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#438#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#182#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#441#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#186#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#573#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#577#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/JXPathContext.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#200#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#203#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#207#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#208#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#181#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#184#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#161#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#162#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#163#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#164#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1849#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/TreeCompiler.java#168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1590#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#484#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3210#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3211#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1434#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1582#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1588#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1589#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1436#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1427#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1429#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#324#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1431#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#177#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2711#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#47#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#48#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#188#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#190#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#192#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#193#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#215#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#223#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#227#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#232#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#233#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2795#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#235#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#263#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#264#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#267#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#274#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#275#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#276#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#277#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#282#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#50#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#2853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3343#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1313#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1314#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1317#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1322#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1323#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3140#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3141#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3142#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3143#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3145#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3146#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3147#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3168#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3169#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3170#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3172#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3173#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3183#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3194#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3195#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3196#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1343#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3199#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3204#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3209#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1344#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1347#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3335#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#3341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/Token.java#8#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/Token.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/Token.java#77#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1352#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1353#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1363#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1366#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1373#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1376#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1382#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1383#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1402#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1410#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1413#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1421#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1422#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#367#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#368#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#369#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#404#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#929#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#930#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1451#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1466#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#70#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1471#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1472#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#71#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#219#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#11#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#12#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1156#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1157#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1482#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1160#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1485#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1490#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1491#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1494#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1499#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1500#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1506#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1514#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1517#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1524#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1525#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1556#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1632#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1165#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1772#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1773#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1774#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1775#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1776#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1780#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1781#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1782#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1783#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1799#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1800#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1801#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1802#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1803#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1804#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1805#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1806#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1807#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1820#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1822#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1829#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1836#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1831#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1833#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1834#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1835#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1838#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1839#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1166#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.BreakStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1842#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ContinueStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1843#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1844#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1845#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1846#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1848#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1176#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1850#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1852#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParserTokenManager.java#1853#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1877#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1878#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1880#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1179#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1185#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1187#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1998#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#251#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/XPathParser.java#1258#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#253#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#255#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#265#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#40#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#51#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/compiler/Expression.java#170#unknown
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/Parser.java#46#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#83#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#107#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#110#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#111#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#114#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#115#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#117#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.TryStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#118#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#119#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#120#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#121#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#122#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#128#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#129#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#130#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#132#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#137#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#139#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#144#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#155#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/parser/SimpleCharStream.java#171#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#54#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#55#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#56#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/QName.java#53#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#247#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#234#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SynchronizedStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#236#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
org/apache/commons/jxpath/ri/JXPathContextReferenceImpl.java#237#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement