com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#100#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ThrowStatement
com/google/gson/JsonParseException.java#43#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/google/gson/JsonParseException.java#42#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SuperConstructorInvocation
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#52#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#49#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ConstructorInvocation
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#99#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/TypeAdapter.java#260#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/TypeAdapter.java#273#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/TypeAdapter.java#259#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#78#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#79#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#80#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#81#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#74#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/google/gson/DefaultDateTypeAdapter.java#75#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#445#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#613#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#614#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#612#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#631#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#637#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#638#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#581#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#621#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ForStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#622#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#625#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#626#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#620#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1288#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1287#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1349#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1384#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1396#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1397#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#549#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#550#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#428#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.SwitchStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#536#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1296#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1299#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1305#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1306#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1336#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1337#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1340#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1341#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1345#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1329#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1331#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1332#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1333#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1295#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.WhileStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1285#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1286#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#533#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1327#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1328#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#425#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#423#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#424#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#462#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#463#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#465#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#516#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#230#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#238#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#239#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#240#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#242#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#243#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#245#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#269#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#270#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#272#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#283#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#284#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.FieldDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#290#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#293#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#294#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#289#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.MethodDeclaration
com/google/gson/TypeAdapter.java#119#unknown
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#430#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#574#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#611#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#607#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#603#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#579#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#580#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.IfStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#576#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ExpressionStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#599#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.VariableDeclarationStatement
com/google/gson/stream/JsonReader.java#1309#class org.eclipse.jdt.core.dom.ReturnStatement